I was quite the professional my friends
and I we were the creme de la creme in
an exclusive industry done we all work
for this man bill then one day I decided
to leave settle down start a new life
but when I tried to get out they did me
in don't you ever wake up yeah I guess
they should have tried a little harder
so I suppose it's a little late for an
apology huh you suppose correctly now
it's kill or be killed you have every
right wanted it even even steven I would
have to kill you that'd be about square
and I choose kill
Tommy my baby how was school one click
to Tokyo please
that woman deserves our revenge we
deserve to die no kiddin i heard it was
kind of hard silly Caucasian girl likes
to play with samurai swords yeah anymore
sportin it's for me to kill
you didn't think it was gonna be that
easy did you for a second
yeah I kind of did silly rabbit hard
part's over
you